Add documentation for new Rabbit Air integration (#21560)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/rabbitair.markdown

---
title: Rabbit Air
description: Instructions on how to integrate Rabbit Air air purifier within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Fan
ha_iot_class: Local Polling

> ha_release: 2022.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2024.2
```

ha_codeowners:
  - '@rabbit-air'
ha_domain: rabbitair
ha_config_flow: true
ha_zeroconf: true
ha_platforms:
  - fan
---

> The Rabbit Air integration allows you to control your air purifier over the local network. The following device models are currently supported:
> 
> - MinusA2 (2-nd generation)
> - A3
> 
> The fan platform of this integration allows you to turn on/off the unit, select the preset mode or set the speed manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rabbit Air integration lets you control your air purifier over the local network. The following device models are currently supported:

- MinusA2 (2-nd generation)
- A3

The fan platform of this integration allows you to turn the unit on/off, select the preset mode, or set the speed manually.
```

> ## Pre-requisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> ## Retrieving the Access Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pre-requisites
```

To set up the integration, you will need to know a device address and an access token.

> 1. Open the Rabbit Air mobile app. You will see a list of devices connected to your account.
> 2. Tap the list item and the device control page will open.
> 3. On the device page tap the `Edit` button. You will see a page with the device location and name settings.
> 4. On this page, quickly tap on "Serial Number" several times until you see two more lines that were previously hidden. The first is the device ID, and the second is the access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Rabbit Air mobile app. You will see a list of devices connected to your account.
2. Tap the list item, and the device control page will open.
3. On the device page, select the **Edit** button. You will see a page with the device location and name settings.
4. On this page, quickly tap **Serial Number** several times until you see two more previously hidden lines. The first is the device ID, and the second is the access token.
```

Note that the device ID is used as an mDNS name of the device. So you can specify it as the "Host" value by adding the suffix ".local" at the end.

For example, you got:

<p class='img'>
  <a href='/images/integrations/rabbitair/access_token.png' target='_blank'>
    <img height='460' src='/images/integrations/rabbitair/access_token.png' alt='Screenshot: Access token on the &quot;Edit device&quot; screen'>
  </a>
</p>

> Then you can use `abcdef1234_123456789012345678.local` as the "Host" and `0123456789ABCDEF0123456789ABCDEF` as the "Access Token".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can use `abcdef1234_123456789012345678.local` as the **Host** and `0123456789ABCDEF0123456789ABCDEF` as the **Access Token**.
```
